User stories

Create Washcard
Actors: Customer, Cashier, Bank Account?
    1a - The customer purchases a card from the Cashier, 
    2a - The Cashier then charges the customers bank account
        for the price of a WashCard with the selected amount

Wash car (succes)
Actors: Customer
    2a - The Customer inserts his card into the carwashmachine(CWM)
    2b - The Customer chooses a wash
    2c1 - The CWM then checks the card balance of the user (The customers card balance large enough to buy a wash! Success!)
    2d1 - The price of the wash is deducted from the users card.
    2e1 - The Car Wash starts

(failure)
    2c2 - The CWM then checks the card balance of the user (The customers card balance large enough to buy a wash! Success!)
    2d2 - The CWM displays a failure message to the Customer.

Check balance and Recharge Card (succes card amount, succes visa amount)
Actors: Customer
    3a - The customer inserts his card into the CWM
    3b - The CWM, displays the balance of the customers washcard
    3c - The customer prompts the system to recharge the washcard
    3d - The customer inserts his VisaCard into the CWM
    3e - The customer chooses an amount to deposit into his washcard
    3f1 - The CWM checks if the amount meets the requirements (succes)
    3g1 - the CWM makes a payment request to the users bank account, 
        and charges the amount from the customers bank account.
    3f1 - the CWM updates the washcard balance

(card amount failure)
    3e2 - The CWM checks if the amount meets the requirements (failure)
    3f2 - the CWM displays an error message (deposit requirement error)

(visa amount failure)
    3f3 - the CWM makes a payment request to the users bank account, (failure)
    3g3 - the CWM displays an error message (visa error)

Check balance and print receipt (succes)
Actors: Customer
    4a - The customer inserts his card into the CWM
    4b - The CWM, displays the balance of the customers washcard
    4c - The customer prompts the CWM to print the receipt.
    4d1 - The CWM prints the receipt

(paper failure)
    4d2 - The CWM displays an error message (out of paper)

Display statistics
    5a - The customer inserts his card into the CWM
    5b - the system shows the menu, along with balance, history and statistics of his recent washes.